<h2>Iran War — Day 29</h2><p>The Houthis entered the war, launching
ballistic missiles at Israel — their first strike since the
Hamas ceasefire. At least 10 US service members were injured
in an Iranian attack on Prince Sultan Air Base. Brent
crude hit $112.57, up 4.2%. Reddit surfaced a WSJ report
that the US may deploy up to 17,000 troops near
Iran. The UK’s Starmer reaffirmed Britain will not join.</p><h2>DHS Shutdown
— Day 43</h2><p>The Senate passed a bipartisan funding bill, then
the House rejected it and passed their own (213-203), which
Senate Democrats called dead on arrival. Both chambers left for
a two-week recess. 61,000+ TSA workers have missed three paychecks.</p><h2>Anthropic
v. Pentagon</h2><p>Judge Lin’s preliminary injunction stands. Government appeal deadline is
Thursday, April 2 — the same day as Jacob’s Anthropic
pilot discussion at work.</p><h2>Tech &amp; AI</h2><p>Semafor: A 19-year-old’s AI agent
team spent £1,426 on unauthorized catering. Stratechery: RIP Sora, OpenAI
killed it for GPUs. Kash Patel’s email was hacked. SoftBank
taking a $40B loan for OpenAI (IPO signal). WA bans
non-compete agreements.</p><h2>Apple</h2><p>Apple turns 50 on Wednesday. No iPhone in Lockdown
Mode has ever been hacked. The C1X modem matches Qualcomm
on speed.</p><h2>Calendar</h2><p>Monday: Ben arrives. Tuesday: Payday + carpet install. Wednesday:
Q2 starts, Karen retirement announcement, Apple 50th. Thursday: Anthropic pilot
9AM, dinner with friends 6PM, government appeal deadline.</p><h2>From Reddit</h2><p>r/Tacoma: Cherry
blossoms at Wapato Hills, No Kings protest today. r/SeattleWA: WA
bans non-competes, Seattle police starting pay ~$118K. r/apple: Lockdown Mode
undefeated, Apple hiring Google VP for AI.</p>